README.md, before:

# Terraform Equinix Labs Project

[![Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stability-Experimental-red.svg)](https://github.com/equinix-labs/standards#about-uniform-standards)
[![run-pre-commit-hooks](https://github.com/equinix-labs/terraform-equinix-labs/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/equinix-labs/terraform-equinix-labs/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yaml)
[![generate-terraform-docs](https://github.com/equinix-labs/terraform-equinix-labs/actions/workflows/documentation.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/equinix-labs/terraform-equinix-labs/actions/workflows/documentation.yaml)

This repository contains a collection of Terraform modules to help automate the deployment and management of both baremetal and [Kubernetes (EKS-A)](https://github.com/equinix-labs/terraform-equinix-metal-eks-anywhere) environments running on [Equinix Metal](https://deploy.equinix.com/).

Visit [EKS-A Baremetal on Equinix Metal](https://github.com/equinix-labs/terraform-equinix-metal-eks-anywhere) for more info on EKS-A on baremetal.

## Usage

This project is intended to be used as a Terraform module. It may also be forked, cloned, or downloaded and modified as needed as the base in your integrations and deployments. Module [invite-from-csv](./modules/invite-from-csv/) may be enabled mutually exclusively.

Prerequesites:

* A valid Equinix Metal organization ID, API token, and/or project ID.
* HashiCorp Terraform installed. Please see [tfenv](https://github.com/tfutils/tfenv) util.
* Optional [metal-cli](https://github.com/equinix/metal-cli/#installation) installation.

## Examples

Check out [examples](./examples/) directory for examples on how to utilize this module.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_deploy_eksa"></a> [deploy\_eksa](#module\_deploy\_eksa) | ./modules/eksa | n/a |
| <a name="module_deploy_metal"></a> [deploy\_metal](#module\_deploy\_metal) | ./modules/metal | n/a |
| <a name="module_project_setup"></a> [project\_setup](#module\_project\_setup) | ./modules/invite-from-csv | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_eksa_config"></a> [eksa\_config](#input\_eksa\_config) | Module configuration for EKSA module | <pre>object({<br>    cluster_name        = string<br>    cp_device_count     = number<br>    worker_device_count = number<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "cluster_name": "equinix-labs-cluster",<br>  "cp_device_count": 3,<br>  "worker_device_count": 3<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_enable_eksa"></a> [enable\_eksa](#input\_enable\_eksa) | Enable EKSA module | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_metal"></a> [enable\_metal](#input\_enable\_metal) | Enable Metal module | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_workshop_setup"></a> [enable\_workshop\_setup](#input\_enable\_workshop\_setup) | Enable Workshop Setup module | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_metal_auth_token"></a> [metal\_auth\_token](#input\_metal\_auth\_token) | Equinix Metal user api token. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_metal_config"></a> [metal\_config](#input\_metal\_config) | Configuration for Metal module | <pre>object({<br>    device_count  = number<br>    os            = string<br>    billing_cycle = string<br>    cluster_name  = string<br>    device_type   = string<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "billing_cycle": "hourly",<br>  "cluster_name": "metal-cluster",<br>  "device_count": 3,<br>  "device_type": "m3.small.x86",<br>  "os": "ubuntu_20_04"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_metal_metro"></a> [metal\_metro](#input\_metal\_metro) | Equinix Metal metro | `string` | `"sv"` | no |
| <a name="input_metal_organization_id"></a> [metal\_organization\_id](#input\_metal\_organization\_id) | Equinix Metal organization id | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_metal_project_id"></a> [metal\_project\_id](#input\_metal\_project\_id) | Project ID | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_metal_tags"></a> [metal\_tags](#input\_metal\_tags) | String list of common tags for Equinix resources | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "terraform",<br>  "equinix-labs"<br>]</pre> | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_deploy_eksa_outputs"></a> [deploy\_eksa\_outputs](#output\_deploy\_eksa\_outputs) | Outputs of the Deploy EKSA module |
| <a name="output_deploy_metal_outputs"></a> [deploy\_metal\_outputs](#output\_deploy\_metal\_outputs) | Outputs of the Deploy Metal module |
| <a name="output_project_setup_outputs"></a> [project\_setup\_outputs](#output\_project\_setup\_outputs) | Outputs of the Project Setup module |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

updated README.md docs, main.tf, and CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

# Terraform Equinix Labs Project

[![Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stability-Experimental-red.svg)](https://github.com/equinix-labs/standards#about-uniform-standards)
[![run-pre-commit-hooks](https://github.com/equinix-labs/terraform-equinix-labs/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/equinix-labs/terraform-equinix-labs/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yaml)
[![generate-terraform-docs](https://github.com/equinix-labs/terraform-equinix-labs/actions/workflows/documentation.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/equinix-labs/terraform-equinix-labs/actions/workflows/documentation.yaml)

This repository contains a collection of Terraform modules to help automate the deployment and management of either bare metal nodes or a kubernetes cluster environment running on [Equinix Metal](https://deploy.equinix.com/).

## Usage

This project is intended to be used as a Terraform module. It may also be forked, cloned, or downloaded and modified as needed as the base in your integrations and deployments.

Prerequesites:

* A valid Equinix Metal organization ID, API token, and/or project ID.
* HashiCorp Terraform installed. Please see [tfenv](https://github.com/tfutils/tfenv) util.
* Optional [metal-cli](https://github.com/equinix/metal-cli/#installation) installation.

## Examples

This project may be deployed into new project(s) or existing project(s). Check out sample deployments in the [examples](./examples/) directory described as follows:

| Name | Description |
|------|---------|
| [eksa-setup](./examples/eksa-setup/) | Deploys a AWS EKS-A cluster into new projects provisioned for each user described in users.csv  |
| [metal-setup](./examples/metal-setup/) | Deploys a cluster or bare nodes into new projects provisioned for each user described in users.csv  |

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_deploy_eksa"></a> [deploy\_eksa](#module\_deploy\_eksa) | ./modules/eksa | n/a |
| <a name="module_deploy_metal"></a> [deploy\_metal](#module\_deploy\_metal) | ./modules/metal | n/a |
| <a name="module_project_setup"></a> [project\_setup](#module\_project\_setup) | ./modules/invite-from-csv | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_eksa_config"></a> [eksa\_config](#input\_eksa\_config) | Module configuration for EKSA module | <pre>object({<br>    cluster_name        = string<br>    cp_device_count     = number<br>    worker_device_count = number<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "cluster_name": "equinix-labs-cluster",<br>  "cp_device_count": 3,<br>  "worker_device_count": 3<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_enable_eksa"></a> [enable\_eksa](#input\_enable\_eksa) | Enable EKSA module | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_metal"></a> [enable\_metal](#input\_enable\_metal) | Enable Metal module | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_workshop_setup"></a> [enable\_workshop\_setup](#input\_enable\_workshop\_setup) | Enable Workshop Setup module | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_metal_auth_token"></a> [metal\_auth\_token](#input\_metal\_auth\_token) | Equinix Metal user api token. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_metal_config"></a> [metal\_config](#input\_metal\_config) | Configuration for Metal module | <pre>object({<br>    device_count  = number<br>    os            = string<br>    billing_cycle = string<br>    cluster_name  = string<br>    device_type   = string<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "billing_cycle": "hourly",<br>  "cluster_name": "metal-cluster",<br>  "device_count": 3,<br>  "device_type": "m3.small.x86",<br>  "os": "ubuntu_20_04"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_metal_metro"></a> [metal\_metro](#input\_metal\_metro) | Equinix Metal metro | `string` | `"sv"` | no |
| <a name="input_metal_organization_id"></a> [metal\_organization\_id](#input\_metal\_organization\_id) | Equinix Metal organization id | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_metal_project_id"></a> [metal\_project\_id](#input\_metal\_project\_id) | Project ID | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_metal_tags"></a> [metal\_tags](#input\_metal\_tags) | String list of common tags for Equinix resources | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "terraform",<br>  "equinix-labs"<br>]</pre> | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_deploy_eksa_outputs"></a> [deploy\_eksa\_outputs](#output\_deploy\_eksa\_outputs) | Outputs of the Deploy EKSA module |
| <a name="output_deploy_metal_outputs"></a> [deploy\_metal\_outputs](#output\_deploy\_metal\_outputs) | Outputs of the Deploy Metal module |
| <a name="output_project_setup_outputs"></a> [project\_setup\_outputs](#output\_project\_setup\_outputs) | Outputs of the Project Setup module |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this module, see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) page for more info.

## License

Apache License, Version 2.0. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).
